and then that's all you need and then
like just be straight with her because
if if this is what you're doing the
whole time if you're just going like
this like hey hey hey hey hey that's
[ __ ] creepy right
so like flirting too much is like how
you become a creep
so the first question comes from Andrew
H I have difficulty meeting women and I
feel like I want to curb my sexual
desire because that's something I can't
have even though I still want it also I
know that focusing on my life and
improving myself for better pathways to
finding a relationship I just get the
feeling that if I just focus on myself
all the time then I will miss avoid
opportunities that come up how would you
suggest to reconcile those two feelings
also most of the social events outings I
attend are mostly male-dominated on the
other hand the things that I do go go
too with women I end up focusing on the
event and enjoying myself do you think
you could shed any light on my situation
talk about a good question okay so let's
just think about this for a second okay
so the first thing that he's saying is
so it sounds like Andrews done his
homework right so there's a common sense
so if you're interested in meeting let's
just assume a heterosexual relationship
where we're thinking from the
perspective of the man for a moment so
if you're a dude who's interested in
meeting women one of the most common
pieces of advice is that you should just
focus on yourself and like the women
will come I think that's a really great
attitude and we'll talk a little bit
about why that is but I think Andrews
question is really good because he's you
know he's done some research and he's
sort of found out that okay like for
example he goes to an event and he just
ends up like trying to enjoy himself and
what he's heard is that unless you know
if you just focus on yourself and you
you try to have a good time that like
the women will come and then he's doing
that he's like dude where are the women
I was promised the women like where are
the women I'm focusing on myself I'm not
chasing after people I'm not being a
nice guy there's no one itis you know
that that's the like I was promised
women so he's trying to figure out how
can i reconcile finding a relationship
and looking for a relationship with sort
of this idea of just focusing on
yourself and I think that's in a weird
way there's there's no simple answer
there except that it's a balance between
the two so I think the reason that
people say that you should focus on
yourself is because a lot of dudes focus
too much on a relationship right and
what happens is they start to invest
their time in a particular person so
let's talk a little bit about nice guys
in the friend zone and like how guys end
up in the friend zone so the friend zone
starts with a lack of confidence so if
you're interested in a woman and you're
afraid that if you ask her out she's
gonna say no you exhibit some degree of
avoidance oh you don't put yourself out
there you don't ask her out and then
you're kind of afraid that like she's
gonna
nooo so like what do you do in that
situation you want to increase your
chances of her saying yes and how do you
do that like you do nice stuff for her
right so if you can get her to like you
more then when you ask her out she's
more likely to say yes it's completely
logical so you start to invest in the
relationship you start to pick her up
from the airport you start
help her out when she's sick you bring
her chicken soup you help her with her
homework and then there's like the most
dreaded thing which is that like you
listen to her when she you know is
bitching about the dudes that she's
dating and then like if you get like
really deep into it and you really lose
sight of all perspective then you do
things like get her flowers on
Valentine's Day as a friend
right yes I'm at the Stromer saying you
powerlevel her in mmo's
abso-fucking-lutely
that's it right so you invest and the
idea here is in your mind there's a part
of your mind that says she's gonna turn
me down if I say no if I ask her out
so what can I do to like increase the
chances of her liking how can I
demonstrate my value to her and you
invest in the relationship you invest in
the relationship and you invest in the
relationship and then one day your love
reaches a critical mass and you confess
your love for her right it's not you
don't ask her out like you confess your
love like that's it apples and oranges
the scenario that we're talking about is
that your love and the tension around
that love Rises and Rises and Rises and
then there's a confession there's I've
loved you like a goddamn anime you
confess your love for her and not what
happens as she says the dreaded words I
think of you like a friend I don't think
of you that right and so then what does
that do to your confidence it knocks
your confidence down a peg
and so you kind of get over it you meet
another girl
and then your confidence is even lower
so as you enter the second relationship
you feel like you have to invest more
because the problem was that you didn't
do enough for her you didn't demonstrate
your value you didn't get her to see
that that
you didn't like show her how caring you
are so you kind of double down on your
strategy and then you like go back to
like doing even more stuff for her
and so that cycle repeats itself and
each time you get rejected you feel less
confident
and then you
feel like you have to do a lot more
stuff to win her over and then at some
point these people get so frustrated
that they like go to the Internet and
then someone tells them or like friends
they tell them hey man like stop
investing all your time and women just
invest your time in yourself like just
go to the gym work out take care of
yourself and then as confidence Rises
because you're taking care of yourself
and it becomes easier to
ask women out so like that's where the
conundrum comes from right like do you
chase after women or do you invest in
yourself and I think that the simple
answer is like it's got to be a little
bit of both right because I think what
what Andrew H I unfortunately is
discovering is that just because you
start investing in yourself doesn't mean
that women start throwing themselves at
you in this this this is a brutal truth
that especially people who are doctors
realize like like a bunch of my buddies
from med school they're kind of thinking
like oh you know like chicks dig doctors
so once I've become a doctor I'm gonna
have to beat them off with a stick and
they become a doctor and then suddenly
nothing happens
that's just and they're surprised so I
think what you've got to do is something
in the middle right so like understand
that investing in a particular
relationship with the hope that she's
going to fall in love with you is
generally speaking a mistake
and just waiting for women to come along
or the gender that you're attracted to
to just come along and be amazed by it
how amazing you are is also going to
fail so instead if you meet a girl I
think you should be authentic with her
and generally speaking what women find
creepy is not just like is not you
asking them out but just you know like
is like when you kind of you flirt and
you're kind of like unclear or you're
you you like nag them and all that other
[ __ ] that people swear by on on like the
red pill and the pickup artist forums
and things like that
you just like treat them like a human
being and you say like you walk up to
them you say hey
are things going like
I've really enjoyed being in class with
you even past couple of weeks and I'd
like to get to know you better
are you interested in grabbing dinner
sometime
and that's it and then if you want to
you can even throw in a little bit of
flirt right like you can
like you'll grab dinner sometime that's
all it takes
I see that you guys want to see how well
that works you guys should watch the
interview with Anna
right did you guys wear you guys like
are you guys there and we can we get a
clip of that
[Music]
I'm pretty sure that there was a
so I mean you can be flirtatious we can
we can teach you how to flirt
like you guys see that right like the
facial expression we played this game
before like the facial expression game
but it's like hey
I don't
that's all it takes okay it's not hard
you don't have to you don't have to have
a long speech like you know just
yeah like you know it's and and you
don't want to overdo it right it just
you need just a little bit of it
and and then that's all you need and
then like just be straight with her
because if if this is what you're doing
the whole time if you're just going like
this like hey hey hey hey hey hey that's
[ __ ] creepy right
so like flirting too much is like how
you become a creep like just a little
bit of flirt a lot of authenticity and
then move on I think that's what you got
to do and so what I would tell Andrew
h-i is like yeah you should continue
like investing in yourself
and
like just you know focus on yourself but
if you see a girl that you're attracted
to or a dude that you can throw in a
little bit of flirt and a lot of the
flirt is in the eyebrows like flirting
comes from confidence and stuff like
that right and then
and then just ask about be authentic
[Music]
yeah so I mean the other simple thing
that Andrew is is is not doing if we
listen to his questions this doesn't
sound he like he's actually asking women
out right like like I'm just gonna read
this to you again but um I have I have
difficulty meeting women and I feel like
I want to curb my sexual desire because
that's something I can't have even
though I still want it so that also is a
whole different complex like I I mean
curve your sexual desire in terms of you
know don't be it sexually inappropriate
with people but if you have sexual
desire that's fine I think it's fine to
you know want to be sexually active with
someone or with in general or with
someone also I know that focusing on my
life in improving myself or better what
pathways to finding relationship I just
get the feeling that if I focus on
myself all the time then I will miss
avoid opportunities that come up that's
absolutely true so you don't want to
focus on yourself all the time you want
to focus on yourself for most of the
time and when you go to an event where
there's a woman that you're attracted to
like even if you've never met her you
can just walk up to her at the end of
the event and say hey you know I'm at
this event and I'm here to just have a
good time with my buddies but to be
completely honest I just cannot like I
keep on looking at you and I'm sorry but
I was just wondering is there any way
that I could buy you dinner sometime
and then even if she shoots you down
like you know she's gonna smile and you
know she's gonna laugh
and let your ego just take a dose of
that right because like even if she
turns you down she's gonna feel amazing
and you can feel amazing we're letting
her feel amazing if you're not [ __ ]
caught up in your head
yeah
so it it sounds it sounds like I'm just
tapping in a twitch chat for a second
and so I'm confused about whether people
want dating advice or they want to date
me
how do you work up the courage to do
that you know what is courage like what
do you mean courage
but what are you afraid of
right like what are you afraid of that
she's gonna say no what there's a decent
chance she's gonna say no
like this is something so if you guys
are having trouble meeting women you
guys got to come on stream and we got to
talk about this
because like your you're so afraid of
the possible outcome that you're not
willing to even try like that's the
problem
like what are you afraid of that she's
gonna say no like you're gonna that's
fine like why isn't it okay for her to
say no
and this is where like you have to think
a little bit about how you view yourself
right so you're afraid that you're not
worth dating and so since you try to
keep that fear of your lack of value as
a partner at bay you try to like put
your head in the sand and if you get any
sort of external evidence to support the
idea that you're not worth dating then
that's too much for you to bear
so like if you want to be like this all
has to if you're having trouble asking
women out like you've got to stop and
think a little bit about yourself and
think like what do i how do you feel
about yourself do you feel like you're
worthwhile today do you think like
you're a worthy person to date
like
what what is the answer to that question
I think that's what we really have to
dig into like why do you feel like
you're not worthy of dating because if
you feel like you're worthy of dating
you should be comfortable enough to ask
someone out and you just acknowledge
that you know chances are like like
let's say 50 60 % of women are in
relationships
forty percent I don't know I don't know
what the number is and if they're in
relationships like there's a decent
chance they're gonna say no but what I
want you to do when you ask a girl out
is like I want you to watch her face and
then ask yourself did I make her feel
good by asking her out because this is
an important thing because if your
[ __ ] creeper and you pay attention to
them then you're gonna see that you
didn't make them feel good and that's a
problem
should know that
and if you did like even if she turns
you down like if you make her feel good
like that's you know that's fine
you could that's okay like you made her
feel good like what that means is that
if she was available like if you made
one girl like like feel appreciated and
you made her feel attractive by asking
her out like you can do that again just
get out of your own head
all right moving on to the next question